New add_continuous_aggregate_policy API options (#3913)
timescale/docs: api/add_continuous_aggregate_policy.md

|`if_not_exists`|BOOLEAN|Set to `true` to issue a notice instead of an error if the job already exists. Defaults to false.|
|`timezone`|TEXT|A valid time zone. If you specify `initial_start`, subsequent executions of the refresh policy are aligned on `initial_start`. However, daylight savings time (DST) changes may shift this alignment. If this is an issue you want to mitigate, set `timezone` to a valid time zone. Default is `NULL`, [UTC bucketing](https://docs.timescale.com/use-timescale/latest/time-buckets/about-time-buckets/) is performed.|
| `include_tiered_data` | BOOLEAN | Enable/disable reading tiered data. This setting helps override the current settings for the`timescaledb.enable_tiered_reads` GUC. The default is NULL i.e we use the current setting for `timescaledb.enable_tiered_reads` GUC  | |

> | `buckets_per_batch` | INTEGER | Number of buckets to be refreshed by a "batch". To summarize this value is multiplied by the CAgg bucket width to determine the size of the batch range. Default value is `0` (zero) that means it will keep the current behavior of single batch execution. Values less than `0` (zero) are not allowed. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `buckets_per_batch` | INTEGER | Number of buckets to be refreshed by a _batch_. This value is multiplied by the CAgg bucket width to determine the size of the batch range. Default value is `0`, single batch execution. Values of less than `0` are not allowed. | |
```

> | `max_batches_per_execution` | INTEGER | Maximum number of batches to be executed by a policy execution. This option is used to limit the number of batches processed by a single policy execution, so if some batches remain next time the policy run they will be processed. Default value is `10` (ten) that means that each job execution will process the maximum of ten batches. To make it unlimited then the value should be `0` (zero). Values less than `0` (zero) are not allowed. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_batches_per_execution` | INTEGER | Limit the maximum number of batches to run when a policy executes. If some batches remain, the are processed the next time the policy runs. Default value is `10`, each job processes a maximum of 10 batches. Set to `0` for the number of batches to be unlimited. Values of less than `0` are not allowed. | |
```

> <Highlight type="important">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Highlight type="important">

```
You need spaces after tags for MDX

> Setting `buckets_per_batch` greater than zero means that the refresh window will be splitted in batches of the size calculated by `bucket width * buckets per batch`. So if a given Continuous Aggregate have a bucket width `1 day` than with `buckets_per_batch=10` means that the batches will have the size of `10 days` to process the refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `buckets_per_batch` greater than zero means that the refresh window is split in batches of `bucket width` * `buckets per batch`. For example, a given Continuous Aggregate with `bucket width` of `1 day` and `buckets_per_batch` of 10 has a batch size of `10 days` to process the refresh.
```

> Executing the policy incrementally (in batches) make the data visible for the users before the job execution finishes, because each `batch` is an individual transaction. The batches are processed from the most recent data to the oldest one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because each `batch` is an individual transaction, executing a policy in batches make the data visible for the users before the entire job is executed. Batches are processed from the most recent data to the oldest.
```

|`if_not_exists`|BOOLEAN|Set to `true` to issue a notice instead of an error if the job already exists. Defaults to false.|
|`timezone`|TEXT|A valid time zone. If you specify `initial_start`, subsequent executions of the refresh policy are aligned on `initial_start`. However, daylight savings time (DST) changes may shift this alignment. If this is an issue you want to mitigate, set `timezone` to a valid time zone. Default is `NULL`, [UTC bucketing](https://docs.timescale.com/use-timescale/latest/time-buckets/about-time-buckets/) is performed.|
| `include_tiered_data` | BOOLEAN | Enable/disable reading tiered data. This setting helps override the current settings for the`timescaledb.enable_tiered_reads` GUC. The default is NULL i.e we use the current setting for `timescaledb.enable_tiered_reads` GUC  | |
| `buckets_per_batch` | INTEGER | Number of buckets to be refreshed by a _batch_. This value is multiplied by the CAgg bucket width to determine the size of the batch range. Default value is `0`, single batch execution. Values of less than `0` are not allowed. | |

> | `max_batches_per_execution` | INTEGER | Limit the maximum number of batches to run when a policy executes. If some batches remain, the are processed the next time the policy runs. Default value is `10`, each job processes a maximum of 10 batches. Set to `0` for the number of batches to be unlimited. Values of less than `0` are not allowed. | |

Author: ```suggestion
| `max_batches_per_execution` | INTEGER | Limit the maximum number of batches to run when a policy executes. If some batches remain, they are processed the next time the policy runs. Default value is `10`, each job processes a maximum of 10 batches. Set to `0` for the number of batches to be unlimited. Values of less than `0` are not allowed. | |
```

Author: @billy-the-fish is this fix correct?
